<center><h1>The Key of Rain, Part I</h1><center>

	Some days are writing days. Even on those days, there is a voice that tells you of your creative insufficiencies, but I daren’t listen to it.
	I sit alone, at an old wooden desk, the varnish worn away in streaks, cuts and scraps marking not only the top but the legs, too. One would think the desk would be wobbly, beaten down by time as it is. No, it is sturdy, for under the typewriter at which my fingers punch away, there is no movement.
	There’s the cling of the platen meeting the end of its guide, and I take one hand off the keys, place my fingers flat along the type of the lever and push it back to the left margin. I take the roller and push it back one mark, my fingers listening for the indentation as I turn the knob. It settles, and I place my fingers on the keys again, listen to them clacking away.
	I begin comparing the sounds to the raindrops: the patterns of my typing vary slightly, I notice. Quicker in succession than some keys than for others, but overall, slower than the beat of the raindrops. I am careful that on the page before me there will be no typos, because a backspace button is not a luxury I am afforded.
	In between the sounds, my hands rest off the table, suspended in midair, as though playing a piano: the keys a music of sorts, the writing on the page hopefully a sort of masterpiece. If not a masterpiece, a source of joy for a single soul would be enough to give it worth, meaning. Enough to fulfill its composer.
	If only the reader could be where I am now—hear the raindrops, see out of the foggy window onto the field of tall grass that goes on until a handmade rock wall a mile down.
	I hope my words can convey the way the rain and the wavy grass and the rough hewn stones affect my soul. That’s one of the reasons I chose the typewriter. I believe that the psychological associations with the font a typewriter, exemplified by the way the ink doesn’t always perfectly make its way around all the edges of the font—give the reader the feeling of all those writers lost in Paris.
	You can’t help but searching your soul in Paris, searching for something—anything.
	But like the earth beyond the glass in front of me, I am separated from intimacy with all of my soul. One corner may clear up, like the condensation lining the outside of the glass panes, but the whole view is is never fully attainable, sectioned by the wooden planks that hold together the fractions of my soul.
	It takes something like Paris to guide you out the door, to open the window, or to shatter it altogether.
	This window remains closed to shelter me, but I like having it closed for other reasons: for the pitter patter of the raindrops against the clay tiled roof, for the way the grass muffles their landing in the field—for the way it’s all a world away.
